hello very often you will need to show
an IPA file to the client for their
review this video explains the easiest
way for you to share an IPA with that
client to begin with you will need to
request that the client sends you the
udid for the device you can send them an
email explaining the process first they
will need to connect their ipad or
iphone with the USB cord to their
computer next they can launch i-tunes
and select their device in the summary
window for their device they will see
their serial number if they click on it
once it will change to the udid number
they can then right-click the udid to
copy it they can then paste it into an
email and send it to you in order for
the IPA to contain that UD ID number you
must add it in developer apple com in
the device section go to the iOS
provisioning portal and choose devices
on the left click on add device and add
the device name and udid number next you
will need to create new provisioning
profiles the provisioning profiles you
store in xcode contain the udid
information therefore when you create an
app and app factory the IPA knows that
it can be loaded on that device launched
Xcode and throw away the provisioning
profiles you already made for the app
this is an important step because you
cannot have duplicate provisioning
profiles if you do app factory will not
create an IPA file for you next go into
the provisioning section of the iOS
provisioning portal and create new
development and distribution files
download these files to your computer
and load them into Xcode by dragging
them into the Xcode window or by
double-clicking them now you can make a
new IPA if you had a factory running
make sure you restart app factory as the
provisioning profiles are only loaded at
the launch of that fact
in appt factory you can generate a new
release or ad hoc file for your client
now for the instructions on how your
client can load the IPA it can be too
cumbersome to have a client load Xcode
send them the provisioning profiles and
then explain the whole IPA loading
process if they use iphone configuration
utility they don't have to load any
provisioning profiles they can just
download this simple utility and load
the IPA that's it first send them the
IPA and instruct them to download the
iphone configuration utility it's a free
application next they can launch iphone
configuration utility and choose
applications under library on the left
they can drag and drop the IPA file into
the application area next with their
device connected USB to their computer
they will see the device listed on the
left they can choose the device click on
the applications tab and find their
application and click on install it's
that easy I've also made a video for
your clients to make this process even
easier for you you can find it right
next to this video thanks for watching
you